Add time-based muting to routing tree (#2393)
prometheus/alertmanager: docs/configuration.md

# A list of inhibition rules.
inhibit_rules:
  [ - <inhibit_rule> ... ]

> # A list of mute time intervals for muting routes

Reviewer: full stop

# been sent successfully for an alert. (Usually ~3h or more).
[ repeat_interval: <duration> | default = 4h ]

# Times when the route should be muted. These must match the name of a
# mute time interval defined in the mute_time_intervals section. 

> # Additionally, the root node cannot have any mute times.

Reviewer 2: I'd say the alert still matches the route, but doesn't fire, but my understanding of the code is limited.

> # Additionally, the root node cannot have any mute times.

Reviewer 2: Whatever is the truth, it should be clearly explained here.

      team: frontend
```

## `<mute_time_interval>`

A `mute_time_interval` specifies a named interval of time that may be referenced
in the routing tree to mute particular routes for particular times of the day.

```yaml
name: <string>
time_intervals:
  [ - <time_interval> ... ]

> 

Reviewer: extra white line not needed in the exemple

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```

## `<time_interval>`
A `time_interval` contains the actual definition for an interval of time. The syntax
supports the following fields:

```yaml
- times:
  [ - <time_range> ...]
  weekdays:
  [ - <weekday_range> ...]
  days_of_month:
  [ - <days_of_month_range> ...]
  months:
  [ - <month_range> ...]
  years:
  [ - <year_range> ...]
```

All these fields are optional and if left unspecified allow any value to match the interval.
Some fields support ranges and negative indices, and are detailed below:

> `times`: A list of time-ranges. They are inclusive of the starting time and exclusive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`times_range`: Ranges inclusive of the starting time and exclusive
```

  [ - <days_of_month_range> ...]
  months:
  [ - <month_range> ...]
  years:
  [ - <year_range> ...]
```

All fields are lists. Within each non-empty list, at least one element must be satisfied to match
the field. If a field is left unspecified, any value will match the field. For an instant of time
to match a complete time interval, all fields must match.
Some fields support ranges and negative indices, and are detailed below. All definitions are
taken to be in UTC, no other timezones are currently supported.

`time_range` Ranges inclusive of the starting time and exclusive of the end time to
make it easy to represent times that start/end on hour boundaries.
For example, start_time: '17:00' and end_time: '24:00' will begin at 17:00 and finish
immediately before 24:00. They are specified like so:

        times:
        - start_time: HH:MM
          end_time: HH:MM

`weeekday_range`: A list of days of the week, where the week begins on Sunday and ends on Saturday.
Days should be specified by name (e.g. ‘Sunday’). For convenience, ranges are also accepted
of the form <start_day>:<end_day> and are inclusive on both ends. For example:
`[‘monday:wednesday','saturday', 'sunday']`

> `days_of_month_ramge`: A list of numerical days in the month. Days begin at 1.

Reviewer 3: `days_of_month_range`?

Reviewer 3: Do you want me to fix it?

Reviewer 3: here https://github.com/prometheus/alertmanager/pull/2497
